It is rude to read these two words
Join the Infinite Region
The general will protect the evil region for a hundred years
You were originally afraid that Chen Zi would expand his business
Good friends, we want to save the Infinite Region, we want
If you pass by, will we let you or won't you?
Still, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back, back again
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, shit, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, shit, yeah Return, return, return
Right, right, right, right
Troublesome countries step forward to listen
Starting from today
You are the time leaders of the ancient Holy Emperor.
I leave the world's mission in your hands
No items are allowed to be bid
One last thing to announce
Today I want to have sex with Chu Lan and Peng Duan
It’s time to grow old
Before using the program
after today
I was shadowed in the chaos of ancient times
will be a different
Are you still willing to give me a lot?
Yesterday was the first day she was different
I'm willing to do both